Verse 3.2.7 updates modify on send (#17)
HCL-TECH-SOFTWARE/Verse-Extension-Documentation: docs/extension-points.md

The Modify On Send extension is a specific Widget extension defined to allow third-party logic to modify a mail when it is being sent. The extension can optionally display a UI. For example, a UI may be helpful to ask the user for their input before modifying the message.

There are a several different types of message modifications that can be performed on send:

- Modify the subject of the email
- Append "signature" contents to the end of the message body
- Modify the body of the email (new in HCL Verse 3.2.2. requires the Domino administrator to enable this modification using [notes.ini](https://help.hcltechsw.com/verse_onprem/3.2/admin/enabling_advanced_modify_on_send_extension.html).)

> - Force the message to be sent as encrytped (new in HCL Verse 3.2.7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Force the message to be sent as encrypted (new in HCL Verse 3.2.7)
```

Author: Done

  * `{string}` **subject** The modified subject to use. Optional
  * `{string}` **signature** The contents to append to the end of the original message's body contents. Optional
  * `{string}` **body** The new contents to use for the message's body. Optional (new in HCL Verse 3.2.2. requires the Domino administrator to enable this modification using [notes.ini](https://help.hcltechsw.com/verse_onprem/3.2/admin/enabling_advanced_modify_on_send_extension.html).)

>   * `{boolean}` **sendEncrypted** A boolean indicating if the message should be sent as an encryupted email. A value of true will force the email to be sent as encrytped. A value of false, will not change the encryption status of the outgoing message. This option was added in HCL Verse 3.2.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `{boolean}` **sendEncrypted** A boolean indicating if the message should be sent as an encrypted email. A value of true will force the email to be sent as encrypted. A value of false, will not change the encryption status of the outgoing message. This option was added in HCL Verse 3.2.7.
```

Author: Done
